feature: implemented jaeger service dependencies API (#52)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaTraces: docs/victoriatraces/querying/README.md

- `/select/jaeger/api/services` for querying all the services
- `/select/jaeger/api/services/{service_name}/operations` for querying all the span names of a service.
- `/select/jaeger/api/traces/{trace_id}` for querying a trace.

> - `/select/jaeger/api/dependencies` for querying dependencies graph for services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `/select/jaeger/api/dependencies` for querying the service dependency graph.
```

```

> #### Querying dependencies

Reviewer: add a link to jaeger doc, like this one https://www.jaegertracing.io/docs/2.10/architecture/apis/#service-dependencies-graph
